README.md, before:

# Find Community Health Service Area(CHSA) - Web Application

## Description

CHSA WEB UI - Contains interative web elements to accept latitude/longitude coordinates and provide the service area

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - You’ll need to have Node >= 10.x and npm >= 5.6 on your machine. You can use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation) (macOS/Linux) or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows#node-version-manager-nvm-for-windows) to switch Node versions between different projects.

Note: Node 10 is being used as a base image in our docker deployment strategy.

### Installing

In the project directory ./wfs-ui, run:

#### `npm install`

Installs all dependencies in the node_modules folder.


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://github.com/NithinKuruba/wfs-app/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Updated instructions in the README (#4)
* Removed build output

* Added new libs for environment variables and handled promise rejections

* Added apache license and did a minor correction

* Moving readme to root folder

* Updating READMEs with necessary commands for working with app components

README.md, after:

# Find Community Health Service Area(CHSA) - Web Application

## Description

CHSA WEB application is designed to accept latitude/longitude coordinates and provide the associated community health service area

## Getting Started

### Dependencies/Pre-requisites

- Docker [Mac](https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac/), [Win](https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-windows/), [Ubuntu](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/), [Fedora](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/)

- Docker Compose

### Installing

In the project directory ./wfs-app, run:

#### `docker-compose up`

- Downloads mysql:latest and node:10 images

- Builds wfs-ui and wfs-api artifacts

- Creates a MySQL database instance and creates database objects by running wfs-app/Analytics.sql

- Deployes artifacts in containers


#### `docker-compose down`

- Removes database and application containers

#### `docker system prune -a` - WARNING

This will remove:

- All stopped containers

- All networks not used by at least one container

- All images without at least one container associated to them

- All build cache

#### `docker volume prune` - WARNING

- This will remove all local volumes not used by atleast one container

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://github.com/NithinKuruba/wfs-app/blob/main/LICENSE).
